Issues/132 (#133)
trulysimple/tsargp: .changeset/wet-hotels-sort.md

---
'tsargp': minor
---

> Added support for asynchronous options callback in the command option. This allows the option to load definitions from a different module dynamically.

Author: ```suggestion
Added support for asynchronous `OptionsCallback` in the command option. This allows the option to load definitions from a different module dynamically.
```
